Add release notes for v1.0.4 (#4803)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v1.0.4.md

# Spice v1.0.4 (Feb 13, 2024)

> Spice v1.0.4 enhances partition pruning for Delta Lake tables with `time_partition_column` and `time_partition_format` parameters, fixes support for uppercase columns when used in refresh SQL, indexes, or primary keys, makes Grok tool calling more robust, and enhances the 'spice trace' tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spice v1.0.4 adds partition pruning for Delta Lake tables, new `time_partition_column` and `time_partition_format` parameters, fixes an issue with using uppercase columns in refresh SQL, indexes, or primary keys, makes Grok tool calling more robust, and enhances the 'spice trace' tool.
```

## Highlights in v1.0.4

- **Partition pruning for Delta Lake**: Use `time_partition_column` and `time_partition_format` to eliminate unnecessary partitions and reduce the amount of data loaded and processed.

Examples:

```shell
my_delta_table/
├── _delta_log/
├── date_col=2023-12-31/
├── date_col=2024-02-04/
├── date_col=2025-01-01/
└── date_col=2030-06-15/
```

```yaml
datasets:
  - from: delta_lake://my_delta_table
    name: my_delta_table
    time_column: created_at # A fine-grained timestamp 
    time_format: timestamp
    time_partition_column: date_col # Data is physically partitioned by `date_col` that could be used to completly eliminate unnecessary partitions

>     time_partition_format: date

Author: ```suggestion
    time_partition_format: date
    acceleration:
      enabled: true
      refresh_mode: append
```

- @phillipleblanc
- @Sevenannn
- @sgrebnov
- @lukekim

## Breaking Changes

No breaking changes.

## Cookbook Updates

No new recipes.

## Upgrading

To upgrade to v1.0.4, use one of the following methods:

**CLI**:

```console
spice upgrade
```

**Homebrew**:

```console
brew upgrade spiceai/spiceai/spice
```

**Docker**:

Pull the spiceai/spiceai:1.0.4 image:

```console
docker pull spiceai/spiceai:1.0.4
```

For available tags, see [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/spiceai/spiceai/tags).

**Helm**:

```console
helm repo update
helm upgrade spiceai spiceai/spiceai
```

## What's Changed

### Dependencies

No major dependency changes.

### Changelog

- fix tool call arguments in Grok messages by @Jeadie in https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/4741
- Update 'spice trace' output format by @Jeadie in https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/4750
- feat: Add vector search tracing by @peasee in https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/4757
- Prompt user to download runtime when running spice sql by @Sevenannn in https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/4747
- Implement Cache-Control: no-cache to bypass results cache by @phillipleblanc in https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/4763

> - Prompt user to upgrade through brew / do another clean install when s… by @Sevenannn

Reviewer 2: This PR needs to be excluded, otherwise lgtm

Author: Updated
